LIST OF PROGRAMS FOR DATA STRUCTURE LAB EXAM
ECE (PAPER CODE: ES-CS-501)


1.	Write a C Program containing a function which will calculate sum & average of all elements of an array.

2.	Write a C Program containing a function which will copy the elements of one array into another array.

3.	Write a C Program containing a function which will find the largest element and second largest element in an array.

4.	Write a C Program containing a function which will find the maximum and minimum element in an array.

5.	Write a C Program containing a function which will insert an element at a Specified Position in a given Array.

6.	Write a C Program containing a function which will delete an element at a Specified Position in a given Array.

7.	Write a C Program containing a function which will delete a specific element from a given Array.

8.	Write a C Program containing a function which will read an array and store the array elements in the same array in reverse order.

9.	Write a C Program containing a function which will print all unique elements in an array.

10.	Write a C Program containing a function which will print frequency of every element in an array.

11.	Write a C Program to Find the Number of Non-Repeated Elements in an Array and print them.

12.	Write a program in C to count total number of duplicate elements in an array and print them.

13.	Write a C Program containing a function which will merge two arrays of same size sorted in descending order.

14.	Write a C program containing a function which will read two polynomials (using structure) in two arrays and print their sum.

15.	Write a C program containing a function which will add two Matrices of same size.

16.	Write a C program containing a function which will find transpose of a given matrix.

17.	Write a C Program containing a function which will multiply two matrices.

18.	Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation   in a   stack (using  functions and switch case and represent stack using array)

19.	 Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation   in a   queue (using  functions and switch case and represent queue using array)

20.	Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation   in a   circular queue (using functions and switch case and represent queue using array )

21.	 Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation  in a   dequeue (using functions and switch case and represent queue using array)

22.	Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation   in a   stack (using   functions and switch case and represent stack using singular link list)

23.	Write a C program to implement insertion and deletion operation   in a   queue (using  functions and switch case and represent queue using singular link list)

24.	Write a C Program containing functions which will create a singular link list and display it.

25.	Write a C Program containing  functions which will perform the following operations in an existing link list:

26.	Write a C Program containing  functions which will perform the following operations in an existing link list:
A.	 Insert a new node at the beginning.
B.	Insert a new node at the end.
C.	Insert a new node after a given node with a specific value.
D.	Insert a new node before a given node with a specific value.
E.	Delete a node at the beginning.
F.	Delete a node at the end.
G.	Delete a node with a specific value.


	27.	Write a C program to sort n numbers in ascending order using the following sorting methods:
Bubble sort
Selection sort
Insertion sort
Quick sort
Merge sort
Heap sort
Radix sort

